docs(am): explain how to use ConfigMap & Secrets to initialize GIO set… (#256)
gravitee-io/helm-charts: am/README.adoc

The following tables list the configurable parameters of the Gravitee
chart and their default values.

You can rely on kubernetes _ConfigMaps_ and _Secrets_ to initialize Gravitee settings since AM 3.15.0.

> To use this feature, you have to create the ServiceAccount that allow AM to connect to the Kubernetes API (the helm chart should do it by default) and then  you simply have to define you application settings like this :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this feature, you have to create the ServiceAccount that allows AM to connect to the Kubernetes API (the helm chart should do it by default) and then you simply have to define your application settings like this:
```

* for a Secret : `kubernetes://<namespace>/secrets/<my-secret-name>/<my-secret-key>`
* for a ConfigMap : `kubernetes://<namespace>/configmaps/<my-configmap-name>/<my-configmap-key>`

> Here is an example for the mongodb uri initialized from the `mongo` secret deployed in to the `default` namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example for the mongodb uri initialized from the `mongo` secret deployed in the `default` namespace:
```
